Document Finitequiz architecture (#142)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/architecture/finitequiz/README.md

# Architecture of Finitequiz

Project: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/finitequiz> \
Scripts: <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/finitequiz/tree/main/src>

## Purpose

Being a single choice question style minigame that lets users choose one correct answer from a bunch of wrong answers

## General code structure

> - `Views`: Currently we only have on GameView view that contains the whole game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `__mocks__`: Mocking behavior for testing
- `assets`: Static assets like the logo
- `components`: Re-usable Vue components
- `router`: Frontend site page routing
- `ts`: Data models and backend communication
- `views`: The displayed pages. Currently consists of only the GameView that contains the whole game
```
